A scientific and technological institution benefiting from the expertise of its founding Schools

The Institut Polytechnique de Paris is a public higher education and research institution comprising five prestigious French engineering Schools: École Polytechnique, ENSTA Paris, ENSAE Paris, Télécom Paris and Télécom SudParis. Under the aegis of the Institute, they bring together two centuries of expertise to pursue two major goals: to develop world-class training programs and cutting edge research. Building on the strength of its five founding institutions, the Institut Polytechnique de Paris has established itself as a leading education and research institution in France and internationally. École Polytechnique, ENSTA Paris, ENSAE Paris, Télécom Paris and Télécom SudParis have contributed to major industrial and technological breakthroughs over the last two centuries. Their alumni include Nobel prize-winners and prominent figures in the worlds of politics, business and research.

An education, research and innovation institute

The Institut Polytechnique de Paris develops multidisciplinary education and research programs drawing on a community of 1,000 faculty members in ten disciplinary departments. This multidisciplinary approach creates new synergies between different fields, for example by promoting the application of new technologies to traditional engineering fields such as physics or transportation. Knowledge transfer to the economy and society is at the heart of the Institut Polytechnique de Paris' mission and its network of incubators and dynamic ecosystem helps drive cutting-edge innovation and cultivate students' inventiveness.

A wide range of high-level education programs 

The Institut Polytechnique de Paris and its Schools offer a wide array of educational programs to meet the needs of students as well as professionals. Students are admitted through an extremely selective recruitment process and receive a high-quality education from faculty members and experts who are renowned in their fields. The programs offered at the Institut Polytechnique de Paris allow future graduates to acquire the skills they need to adapt to an increasingly competitive job market, whatever their desired field may be. 