The past

Seventy-five years ago, we helped to create the nation’s nuclear deterrent.

Today, we’re using our unrivalled knowledge of nuclear to create a clean and safe environment for future generations.

At every step in between, our people have decoded the mysteries of the nuclear atom.

Those who went before us were the first to harness its powers to generate electricity on a commercial scale.

They closed the country’s fuel cycle by recycling used fuel and went on to reprocess more than anyone else in the world. And they solved the problem of how to safely look after every type of nuclear waste.

In doing so, they made a significant contribution to national low carbon power generation.

Since 1956, UK nuclear power has saved 2.3 billion tonnes of carbon emissions, the equivalent of all the UK’s emissions from 2015 to 2020.

The present - we are Sellafield

Now we’re taking waste out of buildings that are as old as the site itself, dealing with the legacy of our nuclear past. We’re looking after fuel so that nuclear power stations can continue to operate, and we’re repackaging the country’s stockpile of nuclear materials.

Once our value was measured in kilowatt hours of electricity produced, or the commercial price of reprocessed fuel. Now it is measured in our ability to place nuclear waste into containers that are safe for the long-term, to remove intolerable risks to our environment and to nurture the diverse skills our nuclear community needs.

Today we are taking great steps towards creating our clean and sustainable future.

The Future

In cleaning up the birthplace of the UK’s nuclear industry, we are once again generating growth and employment in West Cumbria, the North West of England and beyond.

Our 11,000 strong workforce is joined by more than 40,000 people from the best of the best in the nuclear supply chain, from small Cumbrian businesses to global market leaders. We need this diversity of thinking, of backgrounds, cultures and experiences.

Ensuring everyone’s voice is heard is crucial to our success and in making Sellafield Ltd a truly great place to work.

Together, we’re at the forefront of engineering, innovation, project management and leading-edge support functions.

Together, we’re building £8 billion of new waste management facilities and manufacturing tens of thousands of waste containers, while also reducing our carbon footprint.

Together, we’re inventing the robots and technology that we need to clean up Sellafield. Robots and technology that can be exported to the growing global decommissioning market.

In everything we do, we’re ensuring the £2.3 billion of public funding we’re entrusted with has economic and social impact in our communities.

Sellafield is no longer the country’s best kept nuclear secret. It’s where we’re tackling the legacy of the past, building a capability for the future, and where we’re creating a clean and safe environment for future generations.